ST: Make image name more configurable (#1377)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: HACKING.md

### Log level

To set the log level of Strimzi for system tests need to add system property `TEST_STRIMZI_LOG_LEVEL` with one of the following values: `ERROR`, `WARNING`, `INFO`, `DEBUG`, `TRACE`.

### Docker image names in ST

> To set specific prefix or suffix to the image name need to add system property `DOCKER_IMAGE_PREFIX` or `DOCKER_IMAGE_SUFFIX`

Reviewer: Could you explain on some example what do `DOCKER_IMAGE_PREFIX` and `DOCKER_IMAGE_SUFFIX` actually mean / do?

### Log level

To set the log level of Strimzi for system tests need to add system property `TEST_STRIMZI_LOG_LEVEL` with one of the following values: `ERROR`, `WARNING`, `INFO`, `DEBUG`, `TRACE`.

### Docker image names in ST

To set specific prefix or suffix to the image name need to add system property `DOCKER_IMAGE_PREFIX` or `DOCKER_IMAGE_SUFFIX`
An example with image `image strimzi/cluster-operator:latest`:

> If add `DOCKER_IMAGE_PREFIX=custom-prefix-` and `DOCKER_IMAGE_SUFFIX=-custom-suffix` as a result will be `strimzi/custom-prefix-clusteroperator-custom-suffix:latest`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If add `DOCKER_IMAGE_PREFIX=custom-prefix-` and `DOCKER_IMAGE_SUFFIX=-custom-suffix` as a result will be `strimzi/custom-prefix-cluster-operator-custom-suffix:latest`
```
